The data you have created and the model you have used to create the label there or the equation you have used to create the label there, you consider that as the universe of data. So, that is an infinite universe, you can create any number of data, but for ease, let us take out 5 lakh data from there and that becomes our universe. And you, in that universe, you have the inputs, you have the outputs, that outputs are the actual label that we, I mean, that is universe, so we do not know, but it is there, we are not doing anything with that.

Now, what was the idea is, so just I will go through this pipeline, so there is a universe of customers and few people will come to your bank as customers and earlier you had a rule based system to detect fraud, and that rule based system you used and you flag some as suspicious and some as non-suspicious, whoever is non-suspicious, you directly give them, you have loan or insurance, whatever. And then if someone is suspicious, you go through an investigation, after investigation, you had only few people, so you have few people, from investigation, you say you did investigation earlier, you did investigation for 297 people and then you got to know that 186 out of them were not fraud and 111 were fraud, this is the actual data you have in your hand, you had in your hand and that you used to train an ML model, so this is clear, so you only used 186 plus 111 data points to train your model. And based on that model training, you were using that for long in history, so say you use that for 5 years, that model and whatever was suspicious in that model, that only you investigated, whatever was not suspicious, you gave them the insurance, even if you used a few, there will be very less people who will be suspicious if the model is being used and you will, you can retrain on some of those cases, because there was suspicion, you investigated and you can retrain from that.

Still, your accuracy will not improve much, why? Accuracy is so like, by accuracy, I mean metrics will not improve much, why is because your model is built on something that is coming from a rule-based lagging, out of some 1500 people, you only took a small sample around 300, you investigated that and built your model based on that investigation, there may be 1200 people that have a very different nature that your model does not even know about, it may be lagging, the good people as bad, bad people as good in that 1200, right. So, you know this model is inherently biased, yes, yes, okay, so this is what we are trying to fix. Now, see the same thing from our data point perspective, so there is this universe, we have that 5 lakh data point, that is our universe, we do not touch it here, then we take some 10,000 data from there, first 10,000 data from there, that are our customers, I mean.

Yes, so like this is basically the active learning kind of thing, yes, yes, yes, this is, wait, we are not yet in the active learning, so you, okay, okay, now go on, yeah, so you took the 5, 10,000 initial data points, right or even you can take less, 5000, you take 5000 data points from that and then you pass your rules, so you create, you have created 5 rules, if not, go create it, so some of the rules are there in the screen, so that you are mentioning in the group, right, so there are few rules, use those rules, if it passes that rule, if that rule says it is a fraud, you take that data, I mean, say out of 5000, it flagged 2000 is fraud, okay, that rule flagged 2000, it is fraud, suspicious, yeah, suspicious, and then you have this, now you have this 2000 data points, okay, so for those 2000 data points, you go look back into the universe of your data, universe data, and for those 2000, you have the actual level, yes, yes, so you get the actual level for those 2000 and you have their input, you have their output, now train the model on that, yeah, yeah, got it, okay, so you have a model trained, that is the model that assume they are using right now, so what you do is, you now take 5000 more data from the universe and test it on this model, okay, so new 5000 data, so new 5000 data you take from the universe is the test data, and you are using this model that you trained on this 2000 data, and you see what is the performance of it, yeah, yeah, okay, so one doubt, so training, you have universe, you do some rule based thresholding and then you train the ML model, and during testing, do we still use the rule based thresholding or no? No, so during testing, the rule based thing is gone now, so see, rule based thing was 10 years back, okay, and based on what came out of the rule based, I used for my model training, now my model is trained, now rule, I do not look at the rules anymore, but still that model has an essence of rule in itself, right, some biasedness because of this, so I have that model that is in use right now, now I take 5000 new customer and I test for them, so what would be the test from that 5000, I will get their features, I have their actual level, I have the predictive level from this model, can I evaluate how well is the model performing? Yeah, yeah, you can, like testing, you have to label also, for testing, we will have the labels, yeah, for testing, so you have the labels, because you have the entire universe data with you, so the label come from the universe, where is the prediction from the model, yeah, okay, so this ML model part done, so we have to state the accuracy of the model here, so first step was create a rule based system, get the filter data and train the model, that was first step, second step is to evaluate this ML model with 5000 new data points, yes, okay, yeah, I get it, so like what I have done, right, so I have not yet implemented the rule based thresholding, so I have just implemented the pure active learning part, so how that works? One second, let me finish this, because it is recording, you can use it for reference, let me finish it and I will come to you, okay, okay, so now go to the next slide, okay, okay, yeah, so this is the AL kind of framework we are talking about, same thing happens, I mean up to the model training part, you are same, but now what you do is, you are going to do a sequential thing, so every month, assume 500 customers come to you, okay, okay, you assume 500 customers come to you, you do the training, I mean testing for those 500, okay, you calculate the prediction, you also calculate the uncertainties of prediction, the model will give it, okay, okay, okay, if you are not able to access that, what you do is, if the prediction probability is between 0.2 to 0.8, which is not very confidently 0 or confidently 1, so take it for now, this is a easy fix for now, take, if there is a prediction between 0.2 to 0.8, consider that is less certain prediction probability, okay, are you with me here, so 0.2 to 0.8 is less certain, yeah, yeah, okay, just assume that for now, that is in a way, so you have the predicted probabilities for 500 new people this month and you see their predicted probabilities, if it is between 0.2 to 0.8, you flag them and then you investigate them, by investigation here for us is looking at the universe and we have the levels, so for say 500, say 100 people got flagged, you look at their original model, add it to the data now, see initially we had that 2000 data on which it was trained, now it becomes 2100 data, yes, retrain the model, now go to next month, again do the prediction, so take few 500 new data from the universe, random and you test it, pick the uncertain, okay, so same thing gets repeated, yeah, okay, yeah, yes, so it is like you start from 1000 samples, so you train a model, you then like take uncertain new 500 cases, investigate those and put them again into training, so next time training is 1500, yeah, and simultaneously you can test it also, right, yeah, so this one is not random training, we are picking the uncertain cases, so we are kind of exploring the uncertain terrain, right, so our model is bound to improve, so this becomes the modeling part, now we have to show the results as well, we have to verify that this is working well, so first thing that should be, should be coming is accuracy or balanced accuracy or in metric we are using, that should show up that initial test performance on the previous model was this much and over time this much it has become, okay, yeah, so this is one thing in the evaluation, other thing we were doing the cost sensitive thing as well, right, oh, yeah, cost sensitive is nothing but you multiply the false negative and false positive with a certain weight, if you go to the next slide just after that, you will get this chart, right, we have the certain cost associated with each fraud and not fraud, yes, yes, so it is very clearly defined here, so you multiply it with your true positive, false positive and you will get your cost, so again go to the next slide, if you come to this slide, okay, here you see the scenario analysis, so there is a baseline where I do not investigate every, anyone over this many, let us say 6 months, I do not investigate anyone over 6 months and I randomly, I mean, whoever comes I give them the insurance, so say 100 people come and out of 100, so for this you take 1000 people from the universe, okay, and then do not investigate anyone, means you are saying everyone is good, okay, yes, you are saying everyone is good and put it into this false positive, false negative thing and then you will get the total loss for 6 months, so you have to do it for 6 months and then investigate all, means you are investigating everyone, which is again a cost, right, of investigation, so when you are investigating everyone, you get everything correct, so you have like 100% correct data, but here there is a cost of investigation, so say you had 1000 people and 20,000 is the cost of investigation, you will have 20,000 cost every month, yes, yes, yes, okay, so this is another baseline. Now, the third thing is when you had used the rule-based system, which you can skip for now, let us not do the rule-based system now, as we have discussed, other thing is if you had used the previous ML model, then what would you do, you will give loan to whoever it is not fraud, and for fraud, you would do some investigation, so basically it will come in this one, like if you use the cost-sensitive matrix, you will get the cost. Okay, so ML model is like the basics, logistic regression, XGBoost, yeah, whatever you use, you can use XGBoost for the XGBoost in both the cases, but the second case, it is being retrained with uncertain data, it is not just retraining with random data, but uncertain data, and this one if you see, see month by month, the cost is decreasing, yes or no? Yeah, that is true. 

Yeah, so it should show there. Yes. Okay, so note it down, if you have to note in the summary, first thing is define rules, or should I write it in the chat? Yeah, it would be better if you can just write, rule-based system we have to implement it or not? You have to do that initial filtering, so you have to implement for that alone first. 

Okay, okay. Rule-based, rule definition, some of the rules are defined earlier, you can use some of things like that, rule definition and filtering and flagging, so you understand this, you can do this, right, rule definition and flagging. Okay, should we add Nikshay also, it will be better that way? Yeah, yeah, I mean he was not giving up, that is why if you want to add, add him to the call, or if you want to discuss with him, divide the work, but we need this anyhow by 11.12, I mean it is already way late, this all I have discussed with Nikshay in very detail, more detail than what I am discussing right now. 

Yeah, Nikshay, you can just start from the rule-based thing, right. So Nikshay, all these things I have discussed with you earlier, I am just noting it down at the end, what are the things to be done, the first thing is rule definition flagging, you are aware of all these steps, right? Yeah. So this is first thing, second thing is you do the flagging and then you, I mean get the actual levels for the flagged ones, run the model on the investigated, so getting actual level means investigation, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then four, test on 5000 new cases and report the metrics, 5000 number you decide how many you want to do. So this becomes the ML model part, now the RL part comes, every quarter or every month, say month, say quarter, every quarter pick the cases, investigate them. 

So every quarter you are doing this uncertain thing, finding out uncertain cases and then retraining on it using the actual levels and you do it for six months or one year and then report, test on 5000 cases, report the metrics. Akash, I have one doubt. Yes. 

Okay, so in active learning, so like there are multiple strategies actually, so like there is this uncertainty thing that you are seeing, there is also like expected cost reduction, some cost weighted uncertainty and diversity sampling. So like there are multiple methods, so for now we just do uncertainty. Yeah, for now let us do only uncertainty, I know that, but you know we do not have time, right, we have to present it today and they have strictly said we want a model that we can use right now. 

Yes. So I mean, they want to take the model and test it on their data and they said you can always keep on iterating it. So that comes to the next part of our iteration. 

For now, let us keep it as simple as possible, but let us do all these steps and come up with a model that performs well on the new data and then we have to prepare slides as well. See, today I have four more presentations like this, deadline. I would not be available from 2.30 to 4.00. I mean, I often meet with the company and then at 4.00 there is this meet with Lloyds. 

So let us make sure we are done with things quite well, so that we can get a quick review and presentation to professor. Akash, one more thing, like I will again be traveling. So, when? Like today only, like I will be leaving by 11.30. So like active learning part a bit. 

The code is there, I have done everything, everything is ready, just you have to reuse that, change the things that are needed and maybe you divide things in between you both and. Yeah, yeah, so one thing, so active learning part code, you are saying you have already written or what? Yeah, yeah, it is there, it is a basic code, it is a manual, you are just adding it to the loop and then retraining it. Ah, yeah, yeah, so that part I have done, so like it is actually working, but.

No, but it should be coherent with the entire flow, right? It should come, it takes the data and like first we have to store the normal model and then we have to store iterative improvement over time. So, every time when you are doing this, is the performance improving or not? I want like at least six-pointed chart. So, first month it was this performance, second month it improved by this much, third month. 

So, every time or even if you cannot do it month by month, give me after six months how much it has improved. So, that test 50,000 data on the original model and test 50,000 data after the sixth month of AL thing. Yeah, so I have not implemented like in a timeline basis, it is like mostly like number-wise basis, like row-wise things I have done. 

Monthly, quarterly, it is just a simple thing, I just do adapt the code. Yeah, so do whatever is needed.